have you a dream I mean is there
something that you would really like to
do in your life such as traveling around
the world or writing a best-selling
novel or climbing Mount Everest or
learning a new language good it is
important that we have dreams like these
but what would you do to achieve your
dream would you for example walk out of
your job so that you could do the thing
you really want to do hmm that might be
difficult how would you get the money
you need to live on and suppose you had
a well-paid and very important job would
you give that job up to pursue your
dream
this morning's newspapers tell us about
someone who has done just that his name
is Paul Grayson he is 47 years old he
started his career as a business man and
he was very successful he made a fortune
as boss of a company which makes
equipment for giving people medical
injections without sticking a needle
into them then he became interested in
politics he gave a lot of money to the
Labour Party the government made him a
member of the House of Lords which is
the upper chamber of the British
Parliament this means that he is now
Lord Grayson and not just plain ordinary
mr. Grayson then Lord Grayson became a
minister in the government at the
Ministry of Defence he was responsible
for buying equipment for the British
Armed Forces both the government's
supporters and its opponents said that
he was good at his job he obviously had
a bright political career ahead of him
but Lord Grayson
had a dream it was a dream about driving
motorcars very fast
he bought a six litre Aston Martin
Racing car he drove it around racetracks
he competed in races then he started to
win some of the races and this year he
came third in the British GT
Championship the GT championships are
for cars which are nearly the same as
cars which you can drive on normal roads
people who know him say that as a racing
driver Paul Grayson is both brave and
intelligent he is particularly
interested in racing cars which run on
biofuels that is fuel which is made from
plants like maize instead of from crude
oil now personally I think that motor
racing is about a stupid a sport as golf
but I know that lots of people do not
agree with me I enjoyed reading the
letter of resignation which Lord Grayson
sent to the British Prime Minister
Gordon Brown in the letter he says that
he has an opportunity to compete in
motor races in the United States next
year this would be an important step
towards his dream of winning the limo 24
hour race in France but he cannot do
this and be a government minister at the
same time so he is resigning his job
wouldn't you like to write a letter like
this to your boss dear boss I have been
offered an opportunity to go surfing in
Southern California next year so I am
resigning from my job as jr. Clark in
your office dear boss although I have
been very happy making burgers here at
McDonald's I am resigning in order to
pursue my
dream of being the first person to walk
backwards round the world goodbye